Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, hello there.
Michelle: I'm so sorry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay. I was going on.
Michelle: No, I totally had everything all set up and I was ready to like and I totally right at the last minute that distracting. I apologize. That's totally my
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Life happens right
Michelle: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are things going for you.
Michelle: Somewhat. All right.
Michelle: You know I'm
Michelle: Getting a little worried about
Michelle: You know this coronavirus lockdown kind of stuff. Yeah, you know, but
Michelle: Things are. All right, moving along.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Michelle: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No issues this week.
Michelle: No, no.
Michelle: It's been a pretty quiet week we kind of just
Michelle: Been watching the news a lot and just kind of like a little bit of shock and I guess you could say.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Michelle: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Be careful where you get your information from like you want to get your information from like the CDC website or you know what I mean. Cuz you can hear so much stuff you know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can just cause anxiety and stress to go through the roof. You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm. Definitely. So I always just go check the CDC website because I know it's facts. I know it's true. I know it's not like doctored up in any way and you know they update their information daily so
Michelle: Kind of just watch a lot of the Fox News.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any word from your dad.
Michelle: I talked to him.
Michelle: yesterday and the day before.
Michelle: Yesterday,
Michelle: But that's according to him, everything's still planned up here to got the storage unit. It's already been purchase he's supposed to come by. Not this Friday with the following Friday and we're supposed to load a U Haul truck.
Michelle: And
Michelle: He told me for right now all the coronavirus is going to going on. And just in case they do it like a state lockdown or a city lockdown or whatnot.
Michelle: We may be able to stay at my grandmother sounds. If it gets to that point.
In because
Michelle: I don't know.
Michelle: Pretty scary to be I've heard actually that they've closed down a lot of the camping sites, you know,
Michelle: Because of what's going on. So I don't even know you'd be able to find again it's not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I didn't know that.
Michelle: But I would they would keep them open. You know, Kim campgrounds or campgrounds people are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Fresh air,
Yeah.
Michelle: But, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It. Regardless, it's still if if that happens, it still works out in your favor because then you don't have the stress of having this data campground. But then you're able to stay at your grandma's you know and have a roof over your head so
Michelle: And I just trying to get this little driver's license things situated and figured out and I'm having a hard time doing that. So I don't and that's scary, too, because if I don't get my driver's license. I don't
Michelle: Think he's going to give you the band, you know, because it's still unsure under his name still registered in his name.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well,
With
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Everything you know it was closing and no one's in the office and you know all of this stuff. Definitely. It's going to be more of a struggle to be able to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, get that handled and I'm not saying that's a, that's a good thing. But I'm saying, in a sense, it might have worked out in your favor. Only because there's the that it's out of your control.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. And he knows that you know if nobody's in the office. You can't, you know, do anything if you don't you the underlined is if you don't have the money to to handle it right now. Anyways,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's almost like a breath that it's kind of working in your favor a little bit
Michelle: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, one way to look at it.
Michelle: That's just my family's really really weird. It's hard to explain, really, I just like they just put my great grandmother in
Michelle: In an old folks home where I used to work.
Michelle: Me in
Michelle: Her house is vacant right now. And I guess she's my great grandmother her daughter Megan mama.
Michelle: Yes, um, they put her in a home and I guess they're already box in her house up
Michelle: And I'm like, oh, I
Michelle: Couldn't help take care of her, or, you know, while the form down. Why can't we, you know, live there for a little bit so we can you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I love that I'm
Michelle: Talking on the phone.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She said, This is my time doing it.
Michelle: So that kind of irritated me you know a little bit like it's not like she doesn't have the room. There were like we could stay there and I could you know look after her because her Alzheimer's was
Michelle: You just arrived home.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And even with putting her in a home, they still won't let you stay at her house.
Michelle: No, my dad said that cherries box and stuff up so that they can get it on the market to sell it.
Like well
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With the economy and with, you know, all of this going on. It's going to be a while.
Michelle: It's like I said
Michelle: I mean,
Michelle: And it's
Michelle: Pretty messed up situation. I feel like, you know,
Michelle: Because when my grandmother went over the, you know, when she lost her mind there for a little while.
Michelle: We were living you know we weren't living there, but I was commuting back and forth. They were letting me drive her car.
Michelle: Back and forth because I lived here in Crescent City, you know, and then Brookings so let me drive her car and I was, you know, it was basically like a job, you know, take care of all Naik on home at night.
Michelle: But
Michelle: I just thought it super weird. You know, like, that's, that's my area of expertise. You know, if you will.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so
Michelle: To say, but I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well maybe when you get up there. You can go visitor. You know what I mean and see
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean how how bad she is. You know what I mean and get some comfort.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Michelle: Not even asking
Michelle: You know, it's, it's not about, you know, because I thought about flying there. They used to work there. I thought about, you know, asking, Jerry. If
Michelle: You know, if I'm working at CBL, you know, I would be down there, you know, could be state you know grandma's house. I just don't see it happening.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So your dad said no because they're already packing it up, but you are going to ask Dr. You're trying to talk to her, and
Michelle: Mm hmm. Yeah. Her and there's there's
Michelle: My grandma, my aunt sherry and Darlene.
Michelle: And Uncle Bob. There's four four kids and of all, you know, and
Michelle: My grandmother, my father's mother removed herself from the world because she didn't feel like she she needed any of it you know she's set for life.
Michelle: As far as like financially and that kind of like, you know, and then so she left it up to
Michelle: Darlene removed herself, because she's set financially for the rest of her life and didn't, you know, and sherry and Bob are the ones that would needed or whatever, you know, sure he's got kids and grandkids and bobs
Michelle: Bob
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I need you're gonna say that.
Michelle: And Bob actually lives in an RV on grandmother great grandmother property next right next to the house. So before they put her in the home. He was there, like, you know, to take care of, like, not
Michelle: Hearing her but
Michelle: Just there on the property like she was taking care of herself. She was showering and doing everything yourself. He was just kind of there to just be there and you know
Michelle: Yeah, before her.
Michelle: Alzheimers started progressing.
Michelle: But
Michelle: So Sherry and Bob don't get along and they're fighting over who gets what, all I mean they've been fighting over who gets what for less five years since great grandma has health is
Michelle: You know she's getting older and her health is going down.
Michelle: So I probably for the bull. I mean, I don't think they would both be able to come to agree sherry probably would want to help, whereas Bob's like I want that money. Yeah.
Yeah.
But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So they're putting your house up on the market before
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What if, what if we find it here in the next month or so of Alzheimer's and she she's looking at home to go do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sorry, but
Michelle: Yeah, no, I agree I it's not like grandma's dead yet. You know, I know. I completely agree. And I think it's really messed up. I, I don't understand it myself, but I don't know. Maybe she has it in her mind grandma's gonna pass away.
Michelle: Because she's apparently she's been like destroying the room, destroying and breaking stuff just really mean, nasty and angry.
Michelle: And
Michelle: Apparently she's not doing too good. She
Michelle: escaped the first home. She was in a wheelchair lost control going down the hill and bashed her face in the back of a car and they wouldn't operate on her I is that she didn't. They didn't think she would make it through so i don't i don't know what kind of state of mind. She's in now.
Michelle: Yeah, you know,
Michelle: But
Michelle: Prior to that, she was just kind of
Michelle: Repeating stuff like
Michelle: Kind of like more. So like in the late evenings, like when they when their son downing you know like
Michelle: She would just kind of be like, oh, I need to go see the doctor.
Michelle: She would call my grandma like over and over again. I need to go see the doctor. And it would just be the same repetitive you've already seen the doctor you saw the doctor. Two days ago. You're supposed to rest and stay home and
Michelle: Take it easy. And, um, no, but I need to go. I need to see the doctor, you know. And then, okay, we'll take you to the doctor, just to kind of appeaser and like loving drop it and try to move on from something to something else and
Michelle: She would just call back again. I need to go see the doctor and
Michelle: That's when
Michelle: I guess stuff really crazy in
Michelle: Which is weird, because when she was in the rehab facility after she had surgery on her hip. She was barely normal
Michelle: And then when she got home, it's like
Michelle: I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow, just got worse.
Michelle: Yeah. Within a matter of like two months, a month.
Michelle: Which is bizarre to me.
Yeah.
Michelle: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is crazy.
Crazy because
Michelle: They wouldn't have released her from the rehab facility you know if she
Michelle: Lupin
Michelle: Yeah.
You know,
Michelle: But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You would think
Michelle: Yeah, yeah. Well, they're not just a rehab facility you know there there's different sections you know the end the rehab the the assisted living and then the
Michelle: Dependent living you know we're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alzheimer's in it.
Michelle: Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, so things have been mellow this week and good and you guys are keeping to yourself and just
Michelle: Oh, yeah, yeah. We haven't really gone anywhere you know
Michelle: I'm scared. You know, I look at a lot of stuff, you know, but then you know the stuff has been spreading around since December and you can have it and not sure it's
Michelle: Not scary in itself. And it's not just the elderly, it's anybody any. It doesn't matter whether you have underlying. I mean, it makes it worse if you have underlying you know conditions or low immunity or whatever. But it doesn't matter.
Yeah.
Michelle: Yeah.
Michelle: I'm not scared of getting it necessarily I'm more scared of you know how as it progresses, as it gets worse. How the public's going to react and how the people and how that's handled because there's a lot of Trump haters out there and there's a lot of
Michelle: Weird crazy
Michelle: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So yeah yeah people react. You know, when things like this happen and people react in ways that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are just amazing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's, it's quite
You know, it's
Michelle: Yeah.
Michelle: No, I, you know, I'm not. I don't you know as much as I have, you know,
Michelle: You know, because they say you can't have faith and have fear that just doesn't work.
Michelle: But
Michelle: As much as I have fear, I do have
Michelle: You know, Steve, I have I have what little faith, I
Michelle: It's, it's hard. You know, but I do believe that, you know, we are going to a better place. And, or at least
Yeah.
Michelle: Saying it. I do believe that I've got, I've got to believe that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Jesus, I think that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Having a healthy, healthy dose of fear. There's nothing wrong with that. And you can be, you know, have faith and have that healthy dose of fear. It's when you're so crippled with that fear that that's all you get stuck in you know where it's unhealthy. So you can have both.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Michelle: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm afraid of people's reaction overall
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But I have faith that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, whatever's gonna be there's something else in control.
Michelle: Yeah, I mean, I think, like, you know, in the long term, long, you know, everything will be all right.
Michelle: You know, but
Michelle: It's definitely going to be, you know, it's rough, it's gonna be hard. You know, I don't know.
Michelle: The people. A lot of people are still in kind of like the denial phase, you know, like
Michelle: You know, you know. Yeah. This is America but
Michelle: America has its limits to, you know, like I feel like as far as Italy goes you know we're, we're just a matter of weeks away what you know i mean it.
Michelle: When you have
Michelle: People who don't show sometimes and they're spreading it around, you know, but even then it takes, like, what, three to 10 days before you can maybe possibly even start to show symptoms.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I two weeks, like that.
Michelle: Something like that, yeah.
Michelle: Yeah. So that whole time period, you're still spreading it around.
Michelle: You know, unknowingly, you know, unbeknownst to you, but
Michelle: I i'm I'm
Michelle: You know and like I said, the stuff that realistically has been spreading since December. I mean, because people have been flying back and forth, since it was up until the last month at least
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, couple
Michelle: Few weeks people been flying back and forth all over the world.
Michelle: Yep, it's scary to think about it and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is scary, but it may be you know it. There's also a piece of it changes always scary.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think, you know, and this is again my opinion, in my perspective of it is that maybe it's a reset that society needs a little bit right and you know there's always going to be those people that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: underplay it that don't think you could happen to them until it does
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like all the Spring Breakers over in Florida that are just still partying up, Keith.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I thought that was kind of ironic. They're like, Oh, no, you're not messing up my spring break, you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: like whoa, dude. But you know what I mean, it's going to the great part about it is that we don't have control over what's going to happen in society itself, you know, out through this whole thing, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm hoping that they find a cure for the flu.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Through this whole process.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Instead of being a year behind with flu shots that don't work. The next year. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, we've we've just been consistently behind you know the strands
Michelle: Since 2011 when I was pregnant with my son and I had no clue. I got the flu. There was like a 24 hour FLU BUG. When I was pregnant with him.
Michelle: Uh huh. And that was the last time about this live and I've never had a flu shot. Since he
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Was kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Crazy, huh.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I haven't had him for quite a few years, either. And I haven't gotten sick, either.
Michelle: I mean I've gotten sick like just not too. Not too long ago. Just recently I mean I had that it was a chest. It was a chest cold, then you know sinus cold in it, but
Michelle: I didn't have no like aches and pains.
Michelle: Nothing like that it was
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Rest of it.
Michelle: Just sinus you know
Michelle: But it was, it was pretty rough i right, got it, too. And she she had a really bad sore throat.
Michelle: Mine started out like it was it felt like it was gonna hurt really really bad, but you
Michelle: Know the ibuprofen did its job, or whatever. But I didn't feel like my throat hurt that bad, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Michelle: It didn't at least
Michelle: Didn't progress.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, it's because you have a strong immune system to, you know, you think about that.
Michelle: I don't think my immune system is too strong know and I know my lungs are terrible because I'm, I'm a heavy smoker. My lungs are terrible. I mean, I'm constantly coughing up nasty.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Cough cough it up a nasty.
Michelle: I need to cut back I really really do.
Michelle: It's just
Michelle: It's kind of like a anxiety kind of thing to it's, it's, I had
Michelle: I feel like I have OCD as well just certain like I don't know if you want to call it like rituals, if you will.
Michelle: But like certain things when I do certain things I do them a certain way with certain, you know, it's kind of hard to explain. I guess that's kind of a form of OCD issue.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Me know
Michelle: But I do. I feel like I do. And because of my anxiety. I mean, it's like biting my nails. I can't even tell you how many times throughout my life. Stop writing notes, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No. Yeah.
Michelle: Long time I've ever not been able to bake bite my nails is when I have like the fake acrylic nails on
Michelle: A second there off anything that's grown is gone.
Michelle: I mean I literally all my life. I mean, my dad when I was younger, you know, statement got sauce catch it and
Michelle: Nothing ever worked
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nothing worked for work.
Michelle: The nail polish stuff, you know,
Michelle: Nick bite or whatever it's called. Nothing ever worked and it's not something like, I like to do or want to do. I hate it. I hate my nails looking like they're just
Michelle: knobs and dry. It's something that's, you know, self conscious, you know, I'm super self conscious about
Michelle: It, but I just like, like, it's like a nervous habit. It's an anxiety thing or something like say
Michelle: I performing anxiety anxiety or whatever anxiety.
Michelle: Now one of the symptoms of high functioning anxiety or something like that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There it is.
Yeah.
There's literally
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like a soothing it you know when you develop it throughout your life. It's like a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's like a soothing almost like a soothing technique in reality you know doesn't really do the job well it must if you keep doing it. It's, you know, there's, it's super something, you know what I mean. And it's a learned behavior to and learn behaviors are in, you know, they're hard to
Michelle: You know, it's funny.
Michelle: Because apparently my mother was a nail biter. I don't remember it or ever seen her biting her nails, but apparently she was a nail biter she quit, but
Michelle: My daughter, I've noticed a riot, she's constantly at least got the one finger in your mouth like and I'm trying to like break that habit. Every time I see appears in a mouth. I'm like,
Michelle: You know cuz I don't want her to grow up biting their nails like I am, because as far back as I can remember, like,
Michelle: Four or five years old as far back as I can remember, I've always been
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Been you now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, well you another piece of it is not putting them you know you being conscious about not doing it in front of her to
Michelle: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's the tough part because, you know, you think about it, it's like you don't even have to have a thought when you're used to doing it. Your whole life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right before you're doing it right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's just about being conscious, you know, and aware when she's around yeah you know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She doesn't see you do it too, you know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's that's the tough stuff right there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. Yeah, I feel really bad, too, because like you say it's learned behavior monkey.
Michelle: See monkey. Do you know my grandma when I was younger.
Michelle: And I think it was like 1213 my grandma said the same thing about smoking cigarettes to my uncle. What about his kids because broken Chris both smoke cigarettes.
Michelle: And they knew
Michelle: They didn't work. So they were home all day, both, you know, the kids and
Michelle: More likely, you know, grow to be smokers to, you know,
Michelle: My dad didn't smoke when I was growing up, he does now. But my mom always my mom, my grandmother's smoke like
Michelle: I mean,
Michelle: As far back as I can remember, I've always
Known
Michelle: That I didn't start smoking cigarettes till I was late.
Michelle: Maybe 1516 and then I stopped and didn't start
Michelle: Till I was about 18 and then I stopped again and I didn't pick it back up close like 23 and I've smoked it since.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ever since yeah yeah i think that you know it's a there's a piece of it. There's a cool factor in the beginning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And then I believe that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Once you are in the habit of doing it on a regular basis, you're, you know, you're mentally and physically addicted to it, it takes like three days to get
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Before your nicotine free for them to continue to come out of your system. But then you've got everything else, like the cravings and all of that other stuff, just like you do, you know, a lot of other addictions.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you still have to change that mindset. And I also believe that smoking is one of the hardest things
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To stop. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know definitely and. Is it doable. Yeah. But when you're in a time of stress or you know what I mean, yeah, chaos or unsure D. It's like, who wants to stop it feels like it's a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: An anxiety reducer. You know what I mean.
Michelle: Yeah, yeah, these five minutes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's what I was gonna say
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At least that's what it tells your mind right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm stressed, I need to go smoke.
Michelle: But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, in reality, it's a it's got a stimulant in it. So it's we think that a it helps with anxiety. You know what I mean. But in reality, it has that underlying current that happens to you, kind of amazing because a lot of substances are like that, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I think that when you're ready to quit. You'll quit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Michelle: And definitely going to be quitting here in the next couple of years, for sure, at least at least
Michelle: Probably end sooner probably sooner, you know, because I I do at least need to like cut back. The problem is we roll our own buy packs of cigarettes. I can
Michelle: So I buy a big bag of tobacco or two and it usually last me quite a long time. Like even let me because I am kind of a chain smoker and I do, I do smoke a lot and we go through more papers than we do tobacco and the papers that we buy the Bueller's there's like 152 in one package.
Michelle: Not all last us the two of us.
Michelle: As we both smoke. The last maybe two, three days.
Michelle: In the papers.
Michelle: So that's part of the problem, too, is we're not like oh dwindling down, looking at the box, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, I only got three left, you know, or
Yeah.
Michelle: I mean, I said, I'm like, it doesn't. I don't have that, like in my brain, like, oh, I've only got like this much left I should wait a little bit longer, or
Michelle: Yeah, always, you know, or what I don't
Michelle: I don't have that, you know, so that, yeah, maybe I should buy smaller bands.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Crazy when you go to Oregon, you know, there's no taxes and things are cheaper.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, in Oregon, for sure. Yeah, for sure.
Michelle: Most definitely.
Definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's, you know, you've got to like consciously. When you're ready, you'll know. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But until then, I wouldn't give it a second thought I would just especially right now, you know, with everything that's getting ready to happen you're getting ready to move
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Going into the unknown. You got all these things happening. You know what I mean. And you're sober and you're doing all this other stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, you know. Yeah.
Michelle: One thing at a time. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One day, right. One thing I did actually you're doing like two or three things at once. So, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't add more to that plate right now.
Michelle: No, I was
Michelle: Just feel bad because sometimes like she's she'll come in, you know, and I try not to smoke around or, you know, and she'll want to hug Sheila you picked up and I'm like, you know, sorry mom smoking.
Michelle: Sees most fun you know soon as well done, and sometimes she just doesn't
Fit.
Michelle: Really well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just give me a minute just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One minute, you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know, I know that one. I got to there definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what are your, what are your plans for this week.
Michelle: This week I have a lot of I have a lot still to finish, I have a lot still to finish, but I have to finish it by my
Michelle: Have to finish it. It has a choice. You can't procrastinate or meandering do my own thing any longer. I need to get it done.
Need to get it done.
Michelle: I need to. I need to get my driver's license handled. I need to figure out how to because I call their zone and I left messages on three different people's messages and answering machines and I have not received a phone call back
Michelle: Like, I need to know
Michelle: Where to send what and
Michelle: Is it easier now, it probably wouldn't be
Michelle: Because I would still know I'm gonna have to get Norton drivers, because I don't think they'll just be like, Okay, here's the fine.
Michelle: Pay it your driver's licenses bat because I'm pretty sure they would have to take a new picture.
Michelle: Just kind of
Michelle: You know, in
Michelle: I have to get that me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just remember though if if they're closed because of this whole virus thing, then it's out of your control. And you can only do what you can do. You know what I mean. And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just remember that a lot of places are close a lot of county buildings are close, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. You know, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: take that into account.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, well I'm going to get off here, we have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I have somebody else that's coming in right now to but check in with me. Come back into next week, and let me know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you're okay. And I found out that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That we have a we have a provider.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For more again.
Michelle: Oh, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah prescriber so I told Elena today that I had somebody that wanted to stay with bright heart and was getting ready to move to Oregon so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was not updated.
Michelle: Yeah, that was cool because Dr. Jamison was just telling me yesterday that she just she she gave me a month prescription as it just in case, kind of thing, you know.
And
Michelle: It because I she she asked about somebody if I was going to be close to Eugene. And I said, no, she said she knew like a care providers, something like that in Eugene
Michelle: I as far as like, I mean, for right now because of like like everything's all crazy with the virus and everything. I was just me. My California insurance and I wasn't going to switch it over to Oregon just yet because it's
Michelle: A because, for me, it's an income that I know I'm getting monthly for right now and i don't i'm just it worries me like you know the buildings are closed down or you know if the mail ends up stopping for a little while to or what you know that
Michelle: I'd rather just for right now at least
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just do it to do and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, well, just know that we have a new provider that is coming on board and they are licensed in Oregon. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, so I'll get more the information within the next week or so and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we'll just kind of play it by ear and go from there.
Michelle: Okay, cool.
Michelle: Yay.
Michelle: I hope it works out.
Michelle: Yeah.
That would be cool to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Me too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very good. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I will see you next week, same time, same place.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay do alright. Have a great week. Michelle.
Michelle: You too. Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right. Bye.
Bye bye.